Brother, I've searched everywhere.
I still haven't found my sister-in-law and Zhenzhen
Do you want to start emergency procedures?
No hurry
There will be news soon.
You go out first
Yes
Long time no see big brother
Because is Zhenzhen Xiaowan in your hands?
Yes I know
What are the rules for men?
You haven't forgotten all about it, have you?
I don't have a wife and children
Big Brother's teachings Gao Long will never forget
How dare you kidnap them?
Touch my bottom line
Big brother misunderstood
I invited my sister-in-law and niece over
It is best to change the big brother for a guarantee.
Actually participate in the alliance leader meeting at noon tomorrow
At that time, I will be in front of the 108 collapses of heaven and earth
Beat you upright
Become the new leader
I have quit the arena
You don't beat me
This position could also be named after you
Incorrect words
Don't beat you
Everyone still only thinks of me as the Dragon King
And what I want is to replace the big brother.
Become the supreme dragon emperor of the entire underground world
Ronaldinho
Brothers
I'm giving you one last chance.
Bring your sister-in-law and the others back
This thing
I can pretend it didn't happen
Hahaha big brother
I will be waiting for your general in the gathering hall tomorrow afternoon